Our goal is to exploit the wavelet transform of the ICF surface in order to identify FH modulation schemes.
The wavelet transform results in a set of wavelet surfaces, one for each scale.

Over this dyadic grid the spectral response contains some regions of low response
due to the narrow bandwidth of the Morlet waveletfilters.
In many applications, discrete-scale wavelets are preferred.
Note that, the scale grid needs to be sampled linearly (i.e., s = 1, 2,3,4, ... ) or the roll-off factor of Equation V.l has to be
decreased when applying Morlet wavelets for full spectral coverage.

The CWT has increased significantly in popularity for resolving signals of great complexities
due to its improved time-frequency localization properties compared with its near cousin, the
very poorly resolved (in both time and frequency) discrete wavelet transform with its lack
of translational invariance and even the commonly used, more traditional short-time Fourier
transform (STFT), with its fixed temporal window




The main goal of the wavelet transform is to decompose an arbitrary signal into elementary
contributions which are labeled by a scale parameter a

In particular, it has been shown that there exists an important difference between these two representations, at the level of discretization.
Indeed, while it is convenient to sample uniformly the time and
frequency parameters in the Gabor case, the time and scale parameters have to be sampled
on a dyadic lattice in the wavelet case. 
This is actually the consequence of a strategic difference: 
Gabor functions perform an analysis with constant absolute bandwidth ∆ν, while wavelets perform an analysis with constant relative bandwidth ∆ν/ν (mu)


Indeed, while it is convenient to sample uniformly the time and
frequency parameters in the Gabor case, the time and scale parameters have to be sampled
on a dyadic lattice in the wavelet case

The factor √a is for energy normalization across the different scales.
Through WT, the information of the time series X(t) is projected on the two-dimension space (scale a and translation τ).